machine brand
production and sale of spare
parts for rest
car brand was founded in 2030
main company profile
production and sales of spare
parts for tractor machinery
Kamaz I do not know
mts take the place of 30 years from 75 to 140 reliable
quality products trading
car brand
service pairs Lisa sprayers
almost two groups of liners heads
block
crankshafts and more
are created using
best design
modern technology solutions and
materials with full automation
production manufacturing orders
spare parts are placed on
China's leading factories in these factories
placing orders the world's leading in
cis UAH
the whole range of products offered
brand name machine is produced
on European technology and pass
full quality control from
chemical composition bring metallic on
full compliance with quality standards
alloys for high precision
processing technological parameters
process
as an example is given that
killer piston group make cars
missing so-called dimensional
groups so high accuracy
manufacturing
piston rings manufactured by
e ink technology physicochemical coating
which is applied to the treated
surface subject to deep
vacuum with zinc addition
for anticorrosion resistance
company assortment
spare parts has international
quality level and already received recognition
wide range of clients
spreading information about trading
brand cars to face
caution asking buyers
Chinese-made products, whether
split and piston leader kit
groups prefer to buy spare
pieces of promoted brands though many
the brands themselves are hosted by the Cossacks
This approach is generally justified because
not one decade we used
manufacturer's products
former USSR
we offer new products
technology brand cars which
have quality assurance
matching guest parameters
Belta individually branded purchase
pgk marking
all cross and spare parts tests
cars showed the highest
results quality is our strong point
exclusive distributor
russia is ltd company boule car
Chelyabinsk Troitsky tract 48 b
81 shopping mall phone 351 273 83 83
this car brand
production and sale of spare
parts and KAMAZ equipment I'm already in
the next hundred thirty years
fifty kasyanov
Facebook and twitter representatives around the world
crankshaft head liners
picture presented by the company and
spare parts has international
quality level and already received recognition
all tests and spare part tests
the car showed the highest result
quality is our strong point
and indeed if there is an ooo company
car city chelyabinsk troitsky
tract 48 9 let out of 201 phone 351 275 80 80